FPS_Zombie_Game

Members:
Calvin Zhuang (c_zhuang@u.pacific.edu)
Anant Singh (_anant@.u.pacifi.edu)
Adil Hajiyev (a_hajiyev@u.pacific.edu)

Description: 
This is a first person shooter game. The idea of this game is to use weapons and item in game to kill and survive from the zombies attacking you.
Killing zombies will grant scores points. Survive longer to get more points. Your goal is to score more points as possible. 

Components:
Unity (ver 2021.3.10f1)
Unity Assets Store
JetBrains Rider
Zombie Assets
Guns Assets

Special note:
So far we have already created start menu and end menu scene. We also create two awesome terrian for the project.
We have not yet start the main part of the game; such as, zombie Controller, weapons Controller, etc
During the past week, we have faced a lot of git issue. We got errors from pulling and pushing. A lot of progress got delayed because of this.
We created a new github repo for this project to pervent all the old error from the previous repo.
(Oct. 16, 2022 Update)
We each worked on a part of the project. This week, we have a working zombie, a score board, and guns with shooting functions. 
However, this weekend, when we tried to push our works, there are more problem with the GitHub. Now we can't push some of 
our progress to the repo.
(Nov. 6, 2022 Update)
We fixed most of the Github issue. Adil can't push for some reason so Adil will send his version of the project to Calvin then Calvin will push 
Adil's works with Calvin's works. So far we have the first level done. Zombie is now chasing the player, we added a timer to the level.
 One gun is alsmot done, when that is done we will able to make all the gun works. We are still working on spawning the zombie 
into the levels. We decided to make the game play more like Gun Game, which is a game mode that make player's weapon change 
after a number of kills. After those are finish, we only need to add the win condition and the lose condition for the game then the 
base game is finish.
(Nov. 27, 2022 Update)
Most of the guns are done. Zombie spawning is working. Adil fixed his Github issue and now he can push and pull. We added score counter
to the game, the score increase when zombie is killed. We changed the map smaller.  Started working on other levels. Now only need 
health points for the player and losing and winning condictions for the game and the base game will be finished. 